  Mini README for the EV3


*** General Note on Documentation ***


Please use the slides for your lecture on BlackBoard+ [1] to access 
introductory information for working with the EV3.




*** Other Resources ***


The ev3dev's homepage [2] provides a pleora of information from getting
started, to documentation of different programming language interfaces.
The python documentation can for example be found at [3] and the references
therein, especially the collected infromation at [4,5]. [4] provides
specific information on the python interface, whereas generic information on
how to use the interfaces of the EV3 can be found at [5].




*** Emergency Documentation on Restoring a Broken Installation ***


In case you need to reinstall this SDCard, please download the latest image 
here [6]. Do not use the images from [2], as our images [6] come with small
changes to accomodate for our courses.

You can find lots of information on how to write the image to the SDCard
online [2], especially from [7]. There, the process is performed with the
tool Etcher [8], which is available for all major platforms.

Under Linux, you also have the possibility to do the step of writing the
image to the SDCard with the system tool *dd*, which allows you to write the
image directly to the device file which corresponds to the SDCard. But be
aware that this procedure includes no security checks and if you provide the
wrong device file, you might erase your hard disc, bios settings, or
something else. Therefore, we can take no responsibility for any destruction
caused by you using this tool.
If you do not know what this warning is about, you should probably relate to
the information given above [2,7-8].

If you have identified the device file of the SDCard, for example
/dev/mmcblk0, and have the path of the downloaded image, then using

    dd bs=2048 if=<path to image> of=<device file>

as root or with sudo will write the image <path to image> to the device
pointed to by <device file> without further checks or questions. That's why
it is dangerous to make a mistake at this step.




** References **


[1] https://e-learn.sdu.dk

[2] https://www.ev3dev.org

[3] https://github.com/ev3dev/ev3dev-lang-python

[4] https://python-ev3dev.readthedocs.io/en/ev3dev-stretch/

[5] https://ev3dev.readthedocs.io/en/ev3dev-jessie/

[6] https://esrl.dk/ai1_ev3_sdcard.img

[7] https://www.ev3dev.org/docs/getting-started/#step-2-flash-the-sd-card

[8] https://etcher.io/

